Phase 3A Structure Notes


Clarifying Questions

1. Character Placement & Visibility
Yes this is a great idea, so everyone and the Ai system will know based on the tag where they are located.
About different locations, the characters/players should be on that specific place chat channel and not filtered all together. Cause each channel should be a place a location, or maybe even an OOC out of character room for the players to chat like players not like their characters.
The world map idea isn't something that can work cause we won't be using a graphically based location with a png map or even real maps, we may use places that aren't existent, so i think a location browser should be a great way to go about so the players will know the options for their characters, that these options could be configured by the Ai system or with admin commands.

2. Downtime System
Yes the downtime system should have categories so after Ai check and admin aprooval it should work as proper actions made by that character on their downtime.
About limits, the downtime should be the rough estimate from the last time the character of that player logged in to the time he re-visits the platform, the system after loggin should ask do you have any downtime to submit and then go through the motions. While the downtime should go through the Ai system and admin verification it couldn't harm the campagin cause of the human level verification it needs, so i can accept the downtime, reject the downtime, or accept with notes that will be held accountable on the world building and day to day data of the character of the player.
About Ai suggesting downtime, yes that is a great idea, based on the character background and latest actions and location it should produce 1 or 2 scenarios for the player to choose for his character, but the player should wait a bit for these suggestions to be produced cause it will surelly eat up some time from the Ai System.

3. Admin Monitoring & Control:
Notifications should float and redirect to a dedicated admin page, it can also be a dedicated discord like chat channel that will have that information displayed so i can jump back into game with my friends from the chat channels. Isn't it a good idea?
About the threshold, it should notify on the announcement chat channel that Ai system hit a threashold and it will slow down the responses untul the creator machine reaches an acceptable level to work with. How does that sound to you ?
About the admin chat commands, yes as previously mentioned i should have a fuck load of admin commands like the ones you mention for all aspects of the game so i can mingle with Ai responses and npc's and stuff as close as in real-time as it can get, so if my character even if i'm also an admin, is on a location with the other characters of players i shouldn't have to jump to another chat channel to send admin commands i should be able to just hit "/admin ai roll for initiative" and with that for example make the Ai system notify all players that we go into battle.. suggest more admin actions for me please, make it a big list i'm feeling lucky! 😜 but not more than 50 ok? i won't be able to remember them all!!!

4. Character Sheet & Background
Yes questions should be relative to the game system selected by the admin, then main game also selected by the admin afterwards like you mentioned for different WoD games (Vampire, Werewolf, Mage), and last based on the information the admin has provided for the world creation.
For the export, it should have at least the basic artifacts to distinguish the sheet with some kind of tables, no huge artwork for example if it was vampire i don't want to logo up top, just mention that this is a vampire the masquerade character sheet.
Yes the character relationship tracking is a must for this project, cause the who knows whom the alliances enemies etc, will affect characters of players but also npc's and such.


About your Additional Suggestions

Enhanced Features that your are Thinking
1. Yes on these, would love those.
2. Yes on the indicators, all of them and if you can suggest more, please be my guest!
3. Hm that is quite the approach to disern what has happened in the past for the campagin, love this idea, please impelment it as an option, i don't know if it can fit on chat based or at a differnt page for campaign information that the players can read. What do you think?
4. Yes dice roll history based on who requested it it was a player it was the Ai system an npc action, based on date-time and location/scene of the players' characters.
5. It isn't a bad idea, impelment this, i think quick actions instead of typing them should work wonders for players, and also for me as admin have more quick actions realted to features and options i will have as admin and their story teller / dm.

Technical Considerations
I'm ok with web sockets, my internet is 1000mbits down 500mbits upload, so don't worry.
I'm not fond of the PWA progressive web app, only if you think that some static elements to be loaded on client side should help this project cache stuff and work better, specially when using frameworks that require these kind of things, then go for it, but no the actual game in offline mode, ok?
Ok with character sheet caching.
Admin dashboard is a must don't forget it.


Proposed Phase 3A Structure

The structure you suggest :
Phase 3A: Core Frontend Foundation
├── 1. Authentication & User Management
│   ├── Login/Register with password reset
│   ├── User profile management
│   └── Admin role detection
├── 2. Campaign Selection & Management
│   ├── Campaign dashboard with admin controls
│   ├── Campaign creation wizard
│   └── World building interface
├── 3. Character Creation & Management
│   ├── AI-assisted character creation
│   ├── Background building with questions
│   └── Character sheet viewer/PDF export
└── 4. Basic Chat Interface
    ├── Discord-like chat with history
    ├── Character traits sidebar
    └── Rules command system

Should work just fine as fine print don't forget to log everytthing we discuss here and on previous reply on the planning file so you won't miss on in the future and go and do things that aren't supposed to happen cause you do tend to go off rails if i let you.

Anything more to ask for this cause phase 3A may have quite the steps to complete in order to get it going.. Anything more to suggest with the new information i mention on this reply?
