vision questions
1. for starters there will be me and 2 other players, of max for 5 people in the near future. The primary use is for us to be able to play online remotely using the Ai as assistant of world creation rules and so much more on my machine support all the workings of this project. About session length, it is supposed to be online so the players can work their downtime with their characters whenever they like, but when we are gathered together in place (scene or place in the game) then we are playing together in the e.g. same room. If one player's character will be on the way to the e.g. gathering, he won't be able to see what the other players' characters are discussing. So placement of characters is a must, but easily skipped for roll playing easyness.
2. well it should be able to be used on desktop and mobile, i don't think my guys have tablets, but while you are there it isn't bad to have responsive designs for all possible devices. Now about browsers, most of them use brave or chromium and floorp that is firefox fork, i also use floorp, so preferably mainstream browsers, not something like lynx or elinks on terminal 😅. I think it shouldn't work without being online cause it would be hard to mingle data that was inputed on a pwa offline with the online method. I prefer everything to be online and live, project available to players and their characters.
3. about visuals, hm.. i like the dark fantasy style and also being slick and modern, no than much clean. The classic RPG feel doesn't register with me, and it will be my desission of the look and feel of the platform, so i'll go with what i said. About complexity, it should have enough in the screen for the player to be able to use, in desktop mode he should be able to have access to his character attributes in some way or another, in mobile this should be on a like i don't know hover button (open to suggestions) on this. But on desktop it should be feature rich with advanced options. And for me that i'm also the Admin i should have the System tab or some kind of option that i can pop-open and mingle with the Ai ability, the difficulty of the npc's in that scene etc. Not any kind of accessibility cause my friends don't have any kind of dissability.

the above information should be saved for future reference, cause it IS my vision of the project and you should check that data each time you progress with each step of each phase.


About your suggestions
I have no objections splitting the phase 3 into A B C etc. but firstly base each step based on the above infrmation i provided.


About your technical architecture suggestions

Frontend, look i don't have any problem with react, as long as you are able to assist me on each step without having problems. If you think we can do work with these ok, if you think it would be difficult even for a bit for you then we should switch to another frontend stack cause i'm not that familiar with react, yet, i was hoping to learn from this experience with you mate.

UI Component Library, i'm all up for the things you mention, also not only heroicons but some from Font Awesome or if we go that path we could utilize nerd fonts icons or even powerline for stuff that won't need a complete svg or png icon to be created for it. About framer, i just love that framework, so smooth animations like no other.


About Key Feaures to Build

1. Yes it should auth the user properly but have a registration process and a password forget feature if someone forgets his credentials.

2. Yes on the campaign dashboard, but before that after login the user should be able to choose a campaign. Me as Admin i should be able to start a new campain, rename one or add more information for one from simple description to world building fields then npc fields so all npc's will follow some kind of world guidelines etc. Then after the user selects campaign it should present the characters last place he was, e.g. your character was lastly seen on the elysium, also present him with options to write some downtime for his character for the days/hours the user was away and his character was in stasis, these downtime actions should be first get verified by me, so for me when i login as admin i should have pending notifications of each players downtime and if i accept what their characters did in their downtime it should be added to the story continuity of the campaign/world. When they go on downtime the players should be able to have Ai assistance like when they are in the game, with rules dices modifiers and all.

3. On character creation, yes step by step based on the character creation rules but the Ai system will guide the player through the process with questions examples and even suggestions as a Storyteller/DM should do, help the players. Then also ask if the player has prepared a background for the character, and if they havan't it should ask questions like if the game was for Vampire the masquerade, when was your character born, where he lived in his childhood, how was the psychological level of him going thru school and puberty, what he did for job if more than one jobs note them down and why he changed or lost jobs, when did he meet his sire and how it was played out, when it was the embrace and how it went out, and what does your character do as a creature of the night since then to preset date (of the campagin). Suggest more questions that will help build the background of the characters of each player. The background on each case should be verified by me the admin as like in a Storyletter, while having the Ai system summurise for me what the whole background depicts on a simple table maybe even in ascii.

4. AI Chat Interface, yes a discord like chat with message history will be great and on the right side the player's character traits and more stuff should be a good start. If you have anything different to suggest please don't hesitate

5. The players need to have the option to ask the Ai assistant for rules, but not in places that their character is fully in character, only with e.g. /rules the-context-question will the Ai system reply based on the rules it already has memorized using rag/vector database on a way the player can understand.

6. I'm all for it, yes


Design System Suggestions:

Color palette, sure go with these, i don't have a preference, but also implement a secondary group of colors for the players to choose one that is darker for easier text reading, then a 3rd that is brightly colored for the ones that like to get blind with white and bright colors (hoho hehe), and last one color scheme that is for the fun of things with digital schemes like a terminal green fonts black background etc for the fun of it, won't you say?

Typography
No objections on typography just choose fonts that are easy to work with, and support the full utf-8 character set so if a different language than english is used it should be able to work properly and the Ai get that and manage to reply, e.g. the character of a player knows a different language etc.
About Code, yes jetbrains mono is one of the ones i like


Quck start questions:
1. look i don't know if that approach gives the "optically" pleasing results, i think simple at start and better afterwards should present problems for you to help me / assist me with this project, cause the project IS big, we know that. So i think it should start with the proper UI not a simpler one, what do you think ?

2. Yes the admin should have a way to see what is happening in the system, based on logs or interactions with the interface or the ai system. Also there is a need to have a page or widget that will share with me as admin monitoring statistics of the system, cpu gpu ram disk and anything we monitor to optimize performance of the system so this project is viable to work and wont pressure the system more than enough, for example if the gpu gets 80+% it should notify me with an audible and visible pop-up with options to make the Ai replies a bit slower to have the system stabilise, and if don't reply without 30 seconds the system should automatically go to a state of slower replies in order to unload some load from the system and bring it down.

3. I haven't mentioned even once about character sheet layout so far on this project, but it is good that you mention it, cause in character creation it should go via ai assisted questions instead of placing dots on a sheet. But we should be able as players to have our character sheets with names main traits abilities skills and merits flaws including extra stuff like the background, to be able to view it in a new browser tab with the option to save it to a pdf as a printable version. Can you make this happen?


Closing, your suggestions where amazing, thank you also for the questions.

Now it is only a matter of you digesting the information on this reply and tell me if you have any questions and more suggestions that should be replied before you continue with this phase and step.
